Congratulations. You now have a powerful tool at your disposal to keep your jobs dry.
Don't repeat yourself.
Repeating code causes extra maintenance burden.
When possible, you should try to avoid repeating code.
When it makes sense, try to put this newfound skill to work by utilizing commands,
anchors, and aliases to keep your pipeline code maintainable.
Let's take a quick look at my code
and let you compare your code to mine and see how you did.
You may have actually done your solution a couple of different ways.
So I'm going to show you both.
In this first case,
I've got a job that is referencing a command right here by stamp print pipeline ID.
You can see here very simply print pipeline ID.
It has steps and it's going to simply
echo or print this circle workflow ID to my console.
So let's say I would rather pass that workflow ID into my command as a parameter.
So let's make a quick change to my command so that we can accomplish this goal.
We don't need a default.
So there's my perimeter being used.
Now I need to pass the circle workflow ID into my step in my job.
For that all I need to do is add a colon here and my ID parameter here,
and for that I need to use pipeline variables.
Again, I'm going to use this double bracket and I'm going to say pipeline ID.
Now my job uses a parameterized command,
which puts the pipeline ID using
pipeline variables instead of
environment variables into the command so that it can be used there.